yeah what's up guys it's x rays welcome
to a new episode of interactive how to
be a noob the weekly series where we
take a look at some noob gameplay and
just break it down and do different
situations and he hasn't get interacted
with it anyways last week I asked you
guys to tweet me or leave me a message
on facebook what you thought this noob
was going to do he was shooting a sniper
and was very distracted at the time
sniper backs off some of you guys said
he was gonna get sniped some of you guys
said he's going to keep shooting and
then died other people said he tries to
flash it dude across the map which is
obviously a joke but a lot of really
great submission guys thank you guys for
that and what exactly does end up
happening so anyways he's using his LMG
and he continues to shoot that way
giving away his position and you guys
are gonna see that he gets killed by
something pretty familiar from behind
and it was actually me who ends up doing
in this guy but anyways now let's jump
into today's featured new he's using the
PDW on the new magma map a fresh new
right you're straight out of the oven
we're gonna see him let's check them out
as you guys can see he's going to be
kind of having a little problem here
with the wall but that's not the
situation I'm gonna be looking over here
he spots an enemy over by the beef like
what is he going to do is he going to 8
keep walking towards the enemy who cares
you know he's got some kind of body
protective shield is it gonna be turn
around and run away maybe he's a scared
little noob it's gonna run away where is
he going to see prone out and try to you
know avoid the whole situation I'll give
you guys a few seconds leave a comment
down below with what you guys think this
guy's gonna do
alright if you guys chose a keep walking
you guys are correct I don't know why he
would do that he probably again had that
super efficient armor the protected him
again here we go again trying to get out
of his spot he's going over to the beef
leg looks over he's having a little bit
of trouble orienting himself trying to
find out what's going on but anyways you
can see find someone dolphin diving and
the enemy is coming at him what is he
gonna do is he gonna a finally shoot and
but end up failing is gonna be try to
toss a grenade in the middle of a
gunfight that's about to start there is
he going to see dolphin dive I'll give
you guys a few seconds to think about it
leave a comment down below of what you
guys think this guy is going to do
alright if you guys chose B toss a
grenade then you guys are correct I
guess that was the best strategy to use
guys if you guys are in the middle of a
gunfight that's about to start pull out
a grenade he does it again right here
and he ends up but I don't know what
he's doing he's shooting walls toss and
sensors and getting killed but anyways
guys let's jump it to the next situation
as you guys can see spawns over by the
eighth flag his teammates are going to
try and rush the a flag to try to get it
as you can see he sees his teammates
going on to the flag what are you gonna
do at this moment is he gonna a cook a
grenade in preparation for an enemy and
then die from the grenade is it gonna be
shoot his own teammate because he thinks
it's an enemy does he going to see
tosses stun and everybody's gonna get
stunned leave a comment down below and
I'll see you guys in a little bit
alright if you guys chose B shoot his
teammate and then he gets killed by a
grenade which is hilarious but the funny
part is that he's trying to shoot his
own teammate I guess he was a little
distracted anyway so let's jump into the
next situation as he can see he's over
by the B flag again Newton's actually
pretty funny because he goes up to try
to defend a beef flag a little bit he
knows that there's an enemy there and
let's take a look at this obviously he's
using some sort of really slow
sensitivity but here's the point he just
shot at an enemy what's he gonna do and
this situation is going to a runaway and
try to avoid the enemy trying to come
back is it gonna be dolphin dive or is
he gonna see ignore the enemy and just
you know stand there and pretend nothing
ever happened leave a comment down below
with what you guys think is gonna happen
and i'll see you guys in a little bit
or if you guys chose C ignore the enemy
you guys are correct actually ended up
going down and then getting killed from
the other enemy who was like this guy's
an idiot our hand I would have maybe
tried to finish off the enemy or maybe
use a higher sensitivity but anyways
let's jump into the last situation for
today guys this is the social media
question for you guys you guys can be
featured at the beginning just like you
saw in the beginning of this episode all
you have to do is either send me a tweet
on twitter.com / 0 g x rays or you can
leave a message on my facebook timeline
facebook.com slash i am OGX raised when
you do send me that message remember to
use the hashtag how to be a noob episode
15 this is just so i know if you guys
are talking about a current episode of a
previous episode that comes out since my
videos do get uploaded to a few other
channels so if you guys can use how to
be a noob tweet me or use a Facebook
message on facebook then that would be
highly appreciated remember to use
episode 15 in it as well anyway so we're
seeing the enemy here he spots an enemy
starts popping some shots at him
actually gets the kill and then backs
off a little bit what do you guys think
is going to happen at this moment it
could be anything hunter killer drone
maybe someones gonna call it a predator
he's just gonna stand there maybe he's
gonna you know it could be anything he's
gonna cook a grenade go ahead and tweet
me with what you guys think is going to
happen you guys might see your tweet or
your facebook message in the beginning
of a future episode anyways guys hope
you guys enjoyed today's episode of
interactive how to be a noob if you did
remember to slap that like button let's
try to get you know maybe over a hundred
and forty likes on this episode that
would be insane remember to slap the
like button if you really enjoyed it
save it to your favorites then of course
if you guys are new to my channel go
ahead and subscribe youtube.com/scishow
g x rays hope you guys enjoyed MX risom
out peace